Hello Dear 
How are you today? i hope you are physically and emotional alright? How was your day hope fine? i am sorry for the little delay to answer your mail and i am writing you this mail due to my present situation over here as a refugee. Honestly I am writing this mail with pain and sorrow full in my heart and i hope you will have a place in your heart to console me because i need a capable person whom i can trust upon, before i continue i would like to introduce my self first. My full names are Sophia Younes and my country of origin is Libya, i am 5.6ft, 162 cm, i am fair in complexion, i am 20 years, presently i am temporally staying in the less privilege missionary quarters here in Dakar Senegalese a result of the civil war that was fought in my home country Libya. I'm single not yet married and i am an undergraduate and also the only daughter of late Gen, Abdel Fattah Younes my late father was a military General and Interior Minister of Libya during the former regime of president Muammar Qaddafi , On 28Th July, my beloved father body was found dead and they also attacked our house that early morning and killed my mother and everybody in cold blood.

That is how the wicked people here murdered my beloved parent and every one in our family house. That is the reason i am seeking for a good heart person whom i can entrust my self with all my heart, so that i can confide in the person without reservation, if you are the right one, please don't delay to answer me back and that is more reason why i doesn't want to do anything with anyone around me here is because of the way they wickedly killed my beloved families in cold blood. Meanwhile i migrated to another country called (Senegal) where I'm seeking an Asylum now as a refugee, as i said earlier I'm staying in the less privilege female quarters here as a refugee, because i am afraid of loosing my life there in my country, that was the reason i relocated to another country. Please i would like to know if you would be of any help to me? also i would be happy to know more detail about you. My likes and my dislikes are as follows, i like cooking, reading novel, morning prayers, movies, serious in relationship, out- doors, My dislike includes, promise and fail, l hate lazy people,i also dislike untruthfulness, heartless people, a talkative and idle person. I will tell you more about myself and i will send a phone number in my next mail. Attached here is my picture so that you 'll know exactly who i am and i will be waiting for your photo too. Please try to tell me more about yourself and more about your country also. Awaiting to hear from you soonest kisses from yours sincerely,
Sophia.



Hello Dear 
How are you doing today and how about your day i hope fine? My dear i am very glad to received your reply, as i told you earlier about my present condition now in the less privilege missionary quarters, i do not have the privilege, to any thing be it money or what so ever, even the computer i am using to write you belongs to the Rev, father here, he do not allowed any one else to used it so long because that is his personal computer, because of my status here I'm not privileged to make transfer of my late father's money, which i am the NEXT OF KIN, as i am still a single young girl. I hope this mail will not come to you as a surprise, but i am sending this mail to you because of the urgent need of my present situation now in another strange country as i don't know any one here and besides i decided not to do anything with any one here that is the reason i am giving you this maximum trust with hope that you will not disappoint me at last, please try to understand my situation now.

My dear listen carefully to this secret which i want to tell you now, please promised me that you will be sincere and honest to me, my late father deposited a huge sum, amount of money in the bank, this is in one of the leading bank here in Africa (Senegal) before he died. Actually i have come here to claim the fund and i have already informed the bank about my decision, to claim this money, but the bank manager suggested for me to find or search for a honest foreign partner, who can stand for me to claim this money, due to my position here as a refugee and as am still a single young girl, more over i am too young to manage this big amount of money. That is one of the reason i am contacting you therefore i would like you to help me clearly if you can assist me to transfer this money into your account or not? so that after the transfer of the money into your account you will send me some money to prepare my traveling doc-uments to come to your country or you can come here both of us can move together after the transfer, please try to inform me clearly if you are truly interested and capable to help me to transfer these money to your bank account or not? remember that this is just a proposal which you have every right to agree or disagree its not by force OK. The amount in question is ($3.7 million US dollars) Three Million Seven Hundred Thousand US Dollars, i will give you the contact information of the bank where the money is deposited as soon as i received a positive answer from you.

If you agree to help me then, i would like you to tell me more details about your self because i don't have any relatives now whom i can talk to, all my relatives ran away during the middle of the war in my home country, the only person assisted me to stay here in this camp is the priest and his name is Rev,James Eugene. he is the Reverend father of the (Evangelical Church Of God Ministry) here in the camp he has been very nice to me since i came here but i am not living with him rather i am leaving in the women hostel because the camp have two hostels one for men the other for women. The Priest Tel number is if you want to speak to me directly, then you can call me through the Priest and tell the priest that you want to speak with me, he will send for me from the female hostel to come and receive your call in his office. As a refugee here i don't have any right or privilege to any thing be it money or whatever because it is against the law of this country. I want to go back to my studies because i only attended my first year in higher education, before the tragic incident that lead to my being in this situation now took place. please try to inform me whether you can be able to help me to transfer this money into your bank account or not? pending my arrival to meet with you over there in your country. Awaiting to hear from you soonest, Kisses yours friend
Sophia.



Hello Dear 
I thank you ones again today for your lovely mail to me and for your kind effort to help me, In fact i will like to see you face to face, i like you very much, and i want you to know that before i contacted you i pray and fast for 3 days and God directed me to you, and you are the type of man i am searching for, and i promised you from the bottom of my heart that you are not going to regret in any assistance which you shall render to me, and i promised it will be a very successful transfer with love and trust.

Please i have not told anyone except you about the existence of this money and i will like you to please keep it secret to other people because since it is (MONEY) all eyes will be on it. Remember i trusted you, that is why i am giving you all this information's. I will like to hear your voice please,just call the Reverend and tell him that you want to speak with me and he will send for me immediately, his name is Rev, James Eugene. I have informed the bank about my plans to claim this money and the only thing they told me is to look for a foreign partner who will stand on my behalf due to my refugee status now and the laws of this country. You will have 30% of the total money for helping me and the remaining money will be managed by you in any business of your choice. In this regard i will like you to contact the bank immediately with this information,tell them that you are my foreign partner and that you want to know the possibilities of assisting me to transfer my $3.7 million dollars deposited by my late father of which i am the next of kin, that this money should be transferred into your account in your country.
The contact information's of the bank is as follows,



Please try to contact them now on how to transfer the $3.7 million dollars deposited by my late of which i am the next of kin. As i said earlier i have map out 25% for your assistance and 5% for any expenses that might come up in this transfer, altogether 30%. My dear i am glad that God has brought you to see me out from this situation and i promise to be kind, humble and will equally need you in every area of my life plus investing this money since i am still too young to manage it. But my main problem is to complete my education. As i told you before,this camp is just like a prison and my prayer is to move out from here as soon as possible. Please make sure that you contact the bank today so that, after the transfer you can send some money from these money for me to prepare my traveling doc-uments to meet with you in your country.Awaiting to hear from you soonest!.Yours forever in love



Sophia

